Runic forms, inscriptions.
This is my life's work.
The more I studied,
the more I began to see
similar shapes in the stars in the sky.  That's when I
dedicated myself
to becoming
a rune hunter.
As Farrow so kindly explained, runes are
very powerful and ancient inscriptions
and can be inscribed on your items
to grant them more power.
During the league, inscribing symbols
on traces will allow you to choose from
several different crafting runes
that you can use to enhance your items.
When a trace is found,
it will have a number of spaces ranging from two
to seven.
The more spaces you have,
the more powerful the encounter with traces will be, and the
more options
you will have to choose from.
Early in the game,
you may find yourself
crafting simple damage or resistance runes
that are available at a lower level
than you would normally be able to
obtain them,
providing a considerable power boost.
But things quickly get more interesting.
There are 22 runes to add
or modify Runic Safeguard,
a new feature
that can protect against death.
With these runes, you can add an
extra defensive layer or transform your Runic Safeguard
into an offensive weapon
using Kalguuran runic abilities.
There are also 13 runes that add
specific powers to weapon types,
such as this one, which gives grenades a chance to
explode a second time.
Or this one, which gives you a new bonus
called Druidic Prowess
when you completely stun enemies.
In addition,
there are 22 runes
designed to empower you at low levels,
such as this one, which gives you
various elemental resistances,
or this one,
which gives you a lot of spirit.
These runes are designed to be powerful,
but they lose value as you level up.
They are great for
leveling up a second character in the league.  We
also have six runes
that can be used to expand
the list of modifiers used
during high-level creation.
For example, you can fit
Katla's Darkness into a pair of gloves,
and this will allow the creation
of several new rot modifiers
that can be used in
degenerative damage archetypes.
After fitting a rune of this type,
use regular Exalted or Chaos Orbs to
try and create the new modifiers.
There are also several runes that have
unique and powerful effects on items,
but are permanently fixed in the socket,
such as this one, which allows any item
to gain an additional suffix.
Or this one,
which allows you to create a jewelry setting.
Or this series of runes
that can convert any elemental modifier
from one element to another.
There's even a rune
that can upgrade any other rune,
allowing them to be upgraded
beyond the normal limit.
The last one I want to show you
today is Aldur's Legacy.
A special rune that can be fitted into any unique kalguurano or ezomyte item to destroy it
and create a new rune that inherits some of the unique item's properties.
For example,
use this on a "Heavy March" rune
to create a "Heavy March Legacy" rune.
Fit it into a pair of boots and,
just like the unique item it came from,
you'll deal 10% of the excess damage
to all enemies within a 2m radius.
Or how about
"The Legacy of the Distorted Empyrean"?
Destroy a "Wrought Empyrean Legacy"
to add cold damage based
on your maximum mana to any weapon.
With "Legacy of Aldur," you can create
over a hundred runes
with all sorts of unique effects.
Now you might be thinking: that
's a lot of new runes.  You're right
.
After all, it's the Runes of Aldur League.
But we also didn't want the ancient runes to be
left behind.
A significant number of old, unused runes
are also being upgraded,
making this crafting system
significantly better.
Explore all that runes have to offer
in the Return of the Ancients update
on May 29th.  See you then!